Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Command.
this is Echo Six Fox.
requesting permission to engage.
Stand down. you know
the mission. Echo Six Fox.
Stay on mission. you do not
have permission to engage.
Command.
you're coming in unreadable.
Do not engage.
that's the order.
This is a recon mission only.
Echo Six Fox.
You just disobeyed
a fucking direct order.
Return to the extraction point.
Six. seven. eight.
nine. ten.
11. 12. 13.
14. 15.
Raine!
I'm gonna find you!
Come on. Raine.
you can't hide forever!
Raine?
Raine.
Where are you?
I'm not playing anymore. Raine.
You need to come out.
Got you!
No. I got you!
Shouldn't you be hiding?
Let's just say
we both got each other.
Let's just start over.
Raine. no. We have to get going.
Your parents
are expecting us soon.
And what are you doing
with a tree branch?
Let's go.
You're always up to no good.
And another thing I noticed.
I take this game very seriously.
and you're cheating
in this game.
- No.
- Yes. you are.
And I'm gonna tell your mother
because you know
better than that.
Fine.
Mr. Foxx.
after careful consideration
and review
of the continuous police reports
and videos
of your public episodes.
not to mention
your dishonorable discharge.
I'm going to deny
your request for joint custody.
granting full custody
to Miss Sky Atlas.
You can schedule a hearing
no earlier
than 12 months from today
for reconsideration.
What you can do in the meantime.
I suggest you get
a serious hold on the drinking
and make sure you finish up
your community service
per your probation orders.
All the best to you both.
Court is dismissed.
Thank you
for keeping her occupied.
No problem. I enjoy
spending time with Raine.
- Hi. sweetheart.
- Hi. Mommy.
- You need to use the restroom?
- No. Mommy.
I think you should get out and
stretch your legs a little bit.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Raine. if you listen
to your mother.
we can go get ice cream.
Can I get a new fidget instead?
That's fair.
Ah. come here.
You want to know what's funny?
When I was at war.
I never thought
about what was next.
What I was gonna do
when it was over.
But I guess.
uh. this is it.
Uh. I guess this...
is the hardest part.
The normal.
I mean. we were warriors. right?
Now. when the war ends.
this shit.
How-- how do you...
how do you live like that?
Hmm?
But I guess
that's why we're here.
Trying to figure it out.
Working on it.
I respect that.
Here's the thing.
If you're gonna
look at yourself.
I mean. really take a look
at yourself in the mirror.
You gotta be honest
with everyone else.
But first. you gotta be
honest with yourself.
This is the first time.
for as long as I can remember...
I don't have a war to fight.
And I'm scared shitless.
The Marine Corp taught me
how to survive in combat.
How to take a man's life.
All for my country.
But they didn't teach me
how to keep that bitch
from taking my daughter.
You made her. right?
Take her back.
Like the soldier you are.
I ain't no fucking soldier.
Hurrah. Marine.
Hurrah.
I updated your files
and you can sign beside it.
Appreciate it.
I got about 23 hours left
and then this is over.
I get to spend more time
with my daughter.
Hmm.
I see the look on your face.
you're serious about this.
Tomorrow is another day.
Roll with the punches.
You'll get her back.
This is just
another trial by fire.
Don't forget. you're a warrior.
And let that lay
on the content of your mind.
How far would you go.
if somebody
took your son from you?
What would you do
to get him back?
For my son...
I'd do anything
under God's sky...
to get him back.
Remember who you are
and what you are.
Thank you.
Good luck.
- I'll see you next week.
- All right.
Hey. Daddy.
Dad. look what I found.
Look. Daddy.
Oh. wow.
How did you learn to do that?
I just did it.
You're such a smart kid.
You didn't say
Simon says. Daddy.
See.
that's why you're so smart.
You are so smart.
God. you're smart.
And beautiful
just like your mom.
All right.
Wanna go play on the swings.
Mm-hmm.
Let's go play on the swings.
I push you a little bit here?
I'm a big girl. Dad.
Ah.
last time you let me push you.
But I don't need you
to push me. Daddy.
Oh.
Is Niko my new daddy?
Daddy. I haven't seen you
in a long time.
Where have you been?
Daddy. I really wanna see you.
I love you. Daddy.
Daddy. you're my hero.
Seven-year-old Chris William
and three-year-old
Tristan Howard
were abducted today from school.
Authorities say
that they were scheduled
to be car ride
and are believed to have been
lured into the wrong vehicle.
They were both last seen
wearing their school uniforms.
This is the fifth abduction
in the last three months.
Now. this story
is still developing.
Authorities say
that they have several leads.
They're currently reviewing
security footage from the school
and are analyzing
the vehicle that was used
during the children's
abduction.
Authorities say
if you have any information
about the whereabouts
of these children.
call 9-1-1 immediately.
Go. Mom. Go. go. go.
- Done.
- No way.
I knew mom was gonna win.
No one can beat her
at Wild Wild West.
- Done.
- Great job.
I'll cheer for you
in the next round. Niko.
Thanks. Raine.
Wait. we're-- we can't
switch teams like that.
- We're supposed to be partners.
- Sorry. Mom.
Babe.
I just want you to relax.
You tired?
It's too risky. Niko.
It's too soon.
Raine just got adjusted
with all that's happened.
I understand
your concern. but...
with this offer.
we're only talking
about three years.
I know.
And they're willing
to pay for relocation fees.
And with the bonus.
we'll finally be able
to pay off the car.
True.
But don't get me wrong.
I am happy about your job offer.
Okay.
And definitely
we can use the money.
Plus.
I've already done a research
on schools in the area.
and compared
to where Raine goes now.
they're much better.
See. that's the thing.
That's the whole reason
why I got out of the military.
I didn't want to be
that mom that takes her kid
from house to house.
school to school.
Kids thrive in stability.
I agree.
And given
the current economic situation.
I think
there's way more opportunity
for long-term stability
in Utah right now.
I just don't want to take
Raine away from her dad.
Look. I truly think that
he's getting himself together.
Seven-year-old Chris William
and three-year-old
Tristan Howard
were abducted today from school.
Authorities say
that they were scheduled--
See?
The change
might not be such a bad thing.
And--
I hear you with Clyde.
I really do.
But he's had three years
to get his shit together.
and it's not your job
to babysit him anymore.
Look.
We're not gonna
keep her from him. I promise.
And to put in the work
to get clearance from the judge.
If we relocate.
this is the last time.
I couldn't agree more.
- Morning.
- Good morning.
It's probably Joi.
Can you let her in
on your way out. babe?
Of course.
- Hi. good morning.
- Morning. Joi.
- Have a good one.
- Thanks.
Jab.
Good job.
Up here.
One. two. three.
Again.
Three.
Good job.
All right. Again.
Double jab.
To the left.
Good job.
One. two.
Jab.
What's going on?
We're good.
- One. two. three.
- I need to talk to you.
- Nice.
- Sky. what's up?
I might be relocating to Utah.
Utah?
- Are we working or what?
- Take these off.
We just fucking started
to take your gloves off?
Well. now we're done.
Go.
What's really going on?
Don't tell me.
You caught
that husband cheating.
I told you about him.
Doesn't that sound
like someone else I know?
May have had a few women
leave me here and there.
- Oh. just a few?
- Just a few.
No. he didn't cheat. Caesar.
He got a really good job offer.
And we really
could use the money.
Hmm.
So it's a money thing. huh?
Well. I know you know
I can fix any issue you have.
especially a money one.
I am not running guns for you
to convicts and drug dealers.
Sky. what's the price?
- The price of what?
- The price for you to stay.
A quarter mil.
- What you got for me?
- I got a trunk full.
Sitting out there
in that driveway.
I'm serious. man.
Your husband can make
his bonus in two days.
You can stay.
continue to train me.
and I can keep all my bitches
on track and feeling safe.
That doesn't even sound right.
And plus. I--
I got a little girl
I gotta think about.
Yeah. that's even
more of a reason.
I guess we'll see.
I guess so.
What's up?
I still think it would be easier
if you focused on
how you squeeze the trigger.
What am I doing?
See.
when you release your wrist.
it flinches a bit.
- Up and down?
- Yeah.
So don't let
the recoil intimidate you.
I'm not intimidated
by the recoil.
All right. let's go.
- Hi.
- Hi. Mommy.
Oh.
Joi. do you think
you could give me an hour or so?
I have a few phone calls
that need my attention.
No problem.
I guess this is the best time
to finish our puzzle.
- Thank you so much.
- No problem.
- Good afternoon.
Could you please direct me
to the right department
to inquire about the process
of transferring schools?
One moment. ma'am.
Let me place you
on a brief hold.
Thank you so much.
Are you still here. ma'am?
Yes. I'm here.
Social security card.
Proof of residency.
Huh. I figured.
And their immunization records.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
What's your pulse looking like?
140. You?
It was 98 until I saw you.
Now. it's skyrocketing.
You know. that's funny.
Why is that?
- Sky.
- Clyde.
Nice to meet you.
I've been seeing you
around here lately.
Yeah. you know the Corps
needs me in top shape.
- Who you with?
- Navy.
Oorah.
Oh. okay. marine guy.
I see you. I see you.
- Proud to serve.
- I know that's right.
Oh?
What do you usually do
after your workouts?
Uh. I don't know.
I usually. you know. go grab
a bite to eat at Blanks.
Well. I'd love
to join you. Ms. Sky.
Well. I'd love for you
to join me. Mr. Clyde.
I guess.
you're about to call your mom.
Is everything okay?
Everything's fine.
I need you to do me a favor
and look in
for some documents for me.
Yeah. what kind of documents
and what would it be?
A personal security card.
They'll be at the bottom
of the bookshelf.
In like a little black bag.
I know what bag
you're talking about.
While you're on the phone.
while you're there.
I wanted to let you know
it's a possibility that
we could be relocating.
But nothing is set in stone.
What the fuck you mean
you're relocating?
Hold on. wait. wait. wait.
You call me to look
for my daughter's documents
so you can take
my little girl away from me?
All right. look.
I said nothing is set in stone.
Vile ass bitch.
I thought Raine was gonna
log back in. but she didn't.
You're so beautiful.
Niko. where's your ring?
I'm tired.
Fine.
This is so good.
I can't wait to finish.
Hello?
I need you to send
those files over immediately.
Because I have to take care
of this little effing brat.
The babysitting
pays for my music.
It's a must.
Thank you.
I'll be waiting for my files.
♪ [indistinct] on the track ♪
♪ I make shit
bad bitches gon' bounce to ♪
♪ I tell a nigga [indistinct] ♪
♪ [indistinct].
bitch. he whip ♪
♪ Yeah I got-- ♪
Today is gonna be
a late day for me.
I should be back around seven.
I didn't have time
to fix anything.
so Door Dash is on me.
What time will you be back home?
Not too late. baby. um.
If I'm not back in time.
she can watch her show.
Okay.
Bye. sweetheart.
- Hello. Sky.
- Hello.
- It's a pleasure to meet you.
- Nice to meet you. too.
- Seth.
- What's up. lady?
- Oh. good to see you again.
- Good to see you. too.
Gentlemen. this is Sky.
Okay.
Damn. who y'all
going to get. Tony Montana?
Come on. girl. you know we don't
half-ass anything around here.
- I see.
- Yeah.
Oh. shit.
- You got the 43X.
- What did I tell you?
She can shoot them all. but...
she's had her eye
on this one for a while.
Oh. yeah.
I'm gonna get y'all right.
Yeah. you need to.
Somebody got to show these guys
how to shoot these things.
Indeed.
Hello. no one
is available to take your call.
Please leave
a message after the tone.
Dad...
when are you going to come by
and see me?
I miss you.
I haven't seen you in forever.
Have you seen my phone?
I can't find it anywhere.
Yeah. I was calling my mom.
Please ask me
before using my phone.
You can't just go and take
people's things like that.
I know your mom
taught you better.
This isn't your mom's number.
Why are you lying to me?
I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
Don't be sorry. Do better.
Sorry doesn't make you better.
Whenever you're ready. let's go
downstairs and watch a movie.
What. you did not
recognize my pretty face?
Are you going to kill me?
Well...
that all depends.
On what?
If you can do
what we ask of you.
A little brave of you. stealing.
Looks like we've got fucking...
Go ahead and have the rest.
I'll make some more.
Are you sure?
Were your parents
expecting company
this evening for our son?
Raine!
Daddy!
Hey. hey. princess.
Listen. Mommy asked me
to bring you something.
Can you open
the door for Daddy. please?
Maybe you should wait
until Sky gets here.
She didn't tell me that
anybody was coming this evening.
- Please open the door.
- Come on. let's go.
- Please.
- Come on.
- Please?
- Hey!
What's your name?
Joi.
Joi. you need to let me in.
Please open the door. please?
- Let me in!
- Please.
- We need to go.
- Raine!
- Come on.
Open this door!
Come on. Raine.
Hey. hey. hey.
Listen. it's okay.
It's okay. You're fine. okay?
Why can't I see my daddy?
You can.
He just has to run it
by your mom first.
Listen. why don't you
go ahead and dry these tears.
Uh. go ahead
and clean your hands.
And by the time
that you're done.
I'll have
fresh popcorn ready. okay?
Can you call my mommy
to tell her my daddy's here?
I will. Okay?
Now go-- go ahead
and get cleaned up.
Hello. no one
is available to take your call.
Please leave
a message after the tone.
Nobody's here?
- Daddy!
- Hey. baby.
Where's Joi?
Ah. Joi had to go.
But now we get
to spend more time together.
- How's that sound?
- Great.
Daddy. can I show you something?
Uh. I'd love that.
But first.
can you go pack a bag?
- We're going on an adventure.
- Mm-hmm.
Then you can tell me whatever
you want to tell me in the car.
Okay.
Mommy never lets me
sit in the front seat.
Well. Mommy's not here.
all right?
You're with Daddy now.
You can do whatever you want.
All right. put your seatbelt on.
Told you to open the door.
- Hey. baby.
- Hi. Daddy.
- You having fun up there?
- Mm-hmm.
- Playing your game?
- Yes. Daddy.
All right.
Well. listen. I'm almost done.
We're gonna get out of here.
and we're gonna have
an adventure.
This is Claudia.
Hey. sis.
It's your big brother.
Hey.
What do I owe this pleasure?
I need you.
For?
You remember that park
we used to play at as kids?
Yeah.
Can you. uh.
meet me there in an hour?
Uh. why?
What's going on?
Listen. I just need you
to meet me there in an hour.
Can you do that?
Yeah. sure.
You sure everything
is all right?
I'll see you in an hour.
All right. I'll be there.
Aunt Claudia!
Girl. you got so big.
Oh. wow.
Hey. sis.
- Hey.
- Thanks for coming.
Listen. I need you to watch her
for a couple of hours for me.
And per usual...
all festivities are on me.
Raine. are you hungry?
Has your dad fed you?
No. I had some chips.
Wow. just--
How about eating
some real good food?
I'm gonna take you
to the best-kept secret.
the best chicken
and waffles in the world.
Yes.
I love chicken and waffles.
Cool.
All right. listen. I love you.
Come here. baby.
I love you.
I want you to be safe.
mind your surroundings.
and I will see you soon.
- Okay?
- I love you too. Daddy.
All right.
Protect my daughter for me.
- I got you. Come on. baby.
- Good.
Seatbelt.
Forget something?
You're doing a really great job.
Like I'm supposed
to know about that.
- Mm-hmm.
- That's your job to tell me.
All right. see you later. bro.
Sky. you ain't
gonna eat nothing?
I can't reach
my daughter or her sitter.
I need to go
by my house real quick.
All right.
Let me know
if you need anything.
All right. I'll be back.
Hey. baby.
I made up a song about you.
Come check it out.
♪ Oh. Doris ♪
♪ You're looking
so lovely tonight ♪
♪ You got a smile
that shines so bright ♪
♪ Oh. Doris ♪
Could you make me
your chicken pot pie. baby?
Please.
How about...
Yeah?
You fix my [indistinct].
Ooh. come on. Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- That old piece of crap. baby?
You had that ever since
you was a kid?
Mm-hmm. It's sentimental.
Mmm.
You know I can't say no to that.
You bet I will. baby.
- Love you. baby.
- Love you more.
Raine!
No.
He took her. He took her.
And she's not here.
I came home [indistinct] Raine.
I didn't see her.
I saw blood on the walls.
I didn't see Joi.
I didn't see nothing.
They're not here.
He took my baby.
Okay.
Try. Hurry up.
I'll see you when you get here.
Damn it.
Honey. this thing's
a piece of shit.
What do you want to keep it for?
That's something she had when
she was just a little girl.
Hey. honey.
we got any more beer left?
Hey. baby. did I tell you today
that I loved you?
Did I tell you today
that you were beautiful?
Well. you are.
You're the most
beautiful thing in the world.
That's why I'm fixing
this thing for you. you know.
Because I think
you're beautiful and I love you.
I still think
you should get rid of it.
Baby. I-- I'm gonna need
another tool here.
This ain't working.
Honey. you didn't
fall asleep on me. did you?
Baby. this tool
ain't gonna do it.
I gotta go downstairs
to get my screw gun.
I need to fix the door. too.
- Howard!
- What?
Finish it tomorrow.
I can't find my screw gun.
so I'm trying
to use this damn hammer.
You know. it's--
it's in the basement somewhere.
- But--
- All right!
- I'm trying to sleep.
- All right.
Wait. it's hard to understand
what you're saying.
Slow down.
Yeah. of course.
whatever you need.
Yeah. I'm on my way.
Shit!
Give me the rundown. Cap.
you gotta have
some contingency plan
for something like this.
Listen. man.
I'm going solo on this one.
- Sky needs me.
- Well. let me get the men.
What I need you to do
is take the men.
and finish this deal.
you understand?
- I got you.
- Thank you.
Guys. I'm out.
I'll send you my location.
Be ready.
Hi.
Um. do I know you?
My name is Sarah Cohen.
I'm looking for my daughter.
Her tracking device led me here.
Do you mind if I look around?
Look. sweetheart. I--
I hope you find your daughter.
I really do. but she's--
she's not here. okay?
You have a good day. okay?
Back up. I said back up.
Is anyone else here?
Get down on the floor.
Hurry up!
Put your hands behind your back.
Relax. I just want
to take a look around.
Where's your phone?
- Where is your goddamn phone?
- On the couch.
It's on the couch.
- What the f--
- Put your hands down. Jody.
Put them down.
Drive.
Where's Raine?
I said drive.
My wife and I
are just looking
for our daughter.
Your daughter?
I can assure you
with all certainty
if you refer to my daughter
as your daughter again.
then I will kill you.
do you understand me?
Yes. Yes.
- Yes.
- Now stop crying.
Pull your shit together.
And drive.
Calm down.
So. how's my wife?
Hey. baby!
Holy shit!
Howard. look out!
What the fuck?
Hands behind your back.
Look. just shut up.
We don't have
any cash in this house.
- Do you want to die today?
- No.
Then be still.
Why are you doing this?
Baby. you all right?
Just shut up.
What's going on?
I want to take a look around.
Just shut up.
Raine?
Baby. where are you?
Raine. I'm here. just come out.
Lying bitch.
Is anybody else here?
No! No! No one else is here.
Raine!
Raine. baby. are you in here?
Baby. come out. I'm here.
Raine. baby.
Mommy is here. come here. baby.
No.
Where's my baby? Oh. my gosh.
Okay.
Raine?
What's going on?
Do you know this person?
Lady. listen. we don't got shit.
I can barely pay the bills.
What the hell?
What the fuck?
Shit!
Doris.
Doris. baby. you-- Ow!
Hey. honey. you okay. baby?
Look. I found
my daughter's device
downstairs.
Where is she?
Lady. I swear to God.
we don't know
what you're talking about.
- There are no children here.
- Where is she?
I swear. please.
Look. you're lying.
I found my daughter's
device downstairs.
So unless your wife
is a goddamn handyman.
where is she?
Lady. I swear. there are
no children here.
We've been here all day long.
We don't know
who your daughter is.
Look.
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
Where is my daughter?
And why is her device here?
Okay. fine.
You don't want to tell me?
- You say bye-bye to your wife.
- Lady. please.
Please. lady. please. dear God.
- Where's my daughter?
- Lady. please!
Ssh!
You don't want
to tell me the truth?
Okay. since you
don't care about your wife...
I wonder if you
care about your life.
Lady. I swear.
we've been here all day.
We don't know
who your daughter is.
There are no children here.
Fine. all right.
- What the fuck?
- We don't know anything.
Please don't hurt us.
What the fuck?
What are you doing. lady?
Please.
Please don't hurt us.
We don't know anything.
We don't know
who your daughter is.
I swear. lady. we've been
here all day.
We don't know
who your daughter is.
There are no children here.
Look. check my phone.
Check my phone!
It's in my right pocket
down here.
There's an app on it
called Eagle Eye.
The code is 090987.
- What pocket?
- It's right there.
my right front.
lady. please check it out.
Just check it out.
It records
everything around the house.
What's the code?
090987.
It's all there.
It's motion detected.
if there would have been
anybody else in the house.
it would have recorded it.
Please. lady. please. lady.
Baby. You okay. baby?
Baby. you okay?
Yes. baby. easy.
I love you. baby.
Damn. [indistinct].
Please let us go.
Where is this footage
stored?
- Just-- It's only on my phone!
- How do I delete it?
Just hit the delete button
and it's all gone.
Please.
Just leave.
Please. just leave.
Look. I'm sorry.
I'm just trying to find my baby.
Please. just leave.
Where's he at?
Get out the car!
Fuck.
Oh. goddammit.
He set me up.
He took my car.
Clyde. he set me up.
You need to be calm.
Can I Face Time my mommy?
You just couldn't wait to get
your hands on the phone. huh?
But yes.
you can Face Time your mom.
I'm sure she would be happy
to hear about your day today.
I thought
I had her number locked in.
Let me call your dad.
Your mom
is still at work. sweetie.
But she will
give you a call soon. okay?
- Okay.
Did you want me
to cut up your waffles?
- No. I have it.
- Okay.
You know what?
I have to go to the restroom.
And you can figure out
how you're gonna beat me
at tic-tac-toe while eating
your chicken and waffles.
Don't move from here. okay?
- Okay.
Where's the girl?
- What?
- Clyde kidnapped Raine.
And don't tell me
you don't know shit about it.
Don't play with me.
Clyde kidnapped
Raine earlier today.
And don't act like you
don't know nothing about it.
Where's your phone at?
- Take it out.
- Okay.
Call him.
Dial the number.
What the fuck?
What the fuck. Clyde?
- What the fuck. Clyde?
- Oh. shit. Jody.
We can
work something out.
Don't beg.
It's too late for that.
So she chose you
over me.
Okay.
Sky married me.
It's not your choice or mine.
It's hers.
And you made the choices.
The wrong ones.
That drove her to me.
You're just
too small-minded to see that.
And unfortunately.
your choices happen
to involve me as well now.
What could you possibly think
you know about choices. huh?
Listen. I gotta take this.
Open up. Open.
Bite down.
Yes. sis. what's up?
Clyde. did you kidnap Raine?
Because if you did.
you manipulated me.
and you put me
in a really bad spot.
And you made me
an accessory to your shit.
That was a real. real cunt move.
Listen.
she's my daughter too. okay?
I helped make her.
I got
all this shit under control.
I'm sorry. You were saying?
Choices.
I love Sky.
And I chose
to accept Raine into my life.
Might be time
you accept me as well.
- Like they did.
- That shit will never happen.
Then what's the plan. Clyde?
To ride off in the sunset?
Live happily ever after?
Living life on the run?
Lying to Raine
for the rest of her life?
- Easy.
- Not a great plan.
You're a drunk.
You were a shit husband.
And an even shittier father.
They deserve a shield
to protect them. not this.
You grew into a weak man.
A disgrace to your uniform.
Get your legs up here.
Shut up.
You shut up!
You're not-- You're not moving.
Or you'll never get to see
your father or mother again.
Don't you move.
Raine! Raine!
Damn. I know
I told her to stay right here.
Excuse me.
Have you seen my niece?
Um. she's like. four foot tall.
Black hair. African American.
Um. she's wearing
a blue top and purple pants.
She looks like this.
No.
I know somebody
had to see something.
Excuse me. ma'am.
You said
blue shirt and purple jeans?
Yes. that's what
she was wearing.
She left with some Asian guy
not too long ago.
She did what?
Would you like me to check
the surveillance camera?
Yes. um. can I go with you
to see the footage. please?
I actually have access
to the footage on my phone.
Give me a moment.
Shit. Can you call the police?
Did she look uncomfortable
or anything like that?
She was crying.
And that didn't
raise a red flag for you?
You left her alone.
I don't involve myself
with customers like that.
Look. I can give you
access to this footage.
- But that's all I can do.
- Hey. I just sent you
last known location.
I'm on my way.
Raine has
my other phone in her bag.
We should track her from there.
Come with me until we find her.
You're nothing but a shadow.
And now. Sky is my wife.
And as far as I'm concerned.
Raine is my daughter.
Say. honey bunny.
You doing okay back there?
Yeah. you're doing okay.
All right. I got it.
♪ You are the sunshine ♪
♪ Of my life ♪
♪ And we are going to the bank
♪
So. I'm gonna do
anything to you.
You can be rest assured
because you are my bank.
My precious flower.
I know she's here.
This is where
my tracker led me to.
Right here.
Let's strap up.
Hey. Sky.
so far there's a guard
about 036 clicks
out in front of you.
Where is he located?
Near the north
entrance of the building.
Okay. is it just that
one or is there another one?
No. it's just the one.
How many guards are inside?
Fuck you. lady.
I ain't telling you shit.
Fuck me? Fuck you!
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
Too many to count.
And they're heavily armed.
You're crazy
if you're gonna think
you can get out of here
by yourself.
Don't you worry about me.
Have you seen this little girl?
Yeah. I've seen her.
It's about time.
Ladies and gentlemen.
the moment
you all have been waiting for.
I hope you see something
you like this evening.
Shall we get started?
Oh. shit.
Sky. you got company.
Drone just picked up
Clyde entering the building.
I'm on my way.
Hey. what's up. y'all?
It's your girl.
You know.
we already chasing this money.
This is nice.
Got one just like it.
550.
550.000.
Excuse me. lady?
- How much?
- 550.000.
550.000.
Do we have anything higher
than 550.000?
- $1.1 million.
- Whoa!
I got $1.1 million.
Anybody?
Any bid higher than 1.1 million?
- Anybody higher?
- 1.2 million.
1.2 million.
We have 1.2 million.
1.2. Any higher?
Last bid.
Anybody higher than 1.2?
Going three...
two. one.
Congratulations
to the winning bid.
You can collect your flower
at the exit.
Somebody will be there
to meet you.
- Raine!
- Daddy!
Baby. I'm so glad I found you.
Are you okay? Did they hurt you?
No. Daddy.
I was-- I was [indistinct].
Listen. we are gonna go
on an adventure. okay?
You are gonna be...
Daddy's little superhero.
Can you do that?
And this is gonna be your cape.
All right. here you go.
- You have to protect me. okay?
- Okay.
You see anyone behind me.
you let me know. Come on. baby.
Daddy. bad guy!
What the hell?
You. keep the guests at bay.
I'll go check it out. Go!
Guns. come on!
That was your last shot. Clyde.
Send the girl out to me.
Once I go in there.
you ain't coming out.
Get off my Daddy!
Daddy!
Don't stop now.
Raine!
Mommy!
- Hello.
- ...
- Would you die for me?
- Yeah.
Gentlemen. this is Sky.
- Who loves you?
- You do.
Yeah. I do.
What's my job?
- To protect me.
- Damn right.
Listen. Daddy has to go in there
and protect you right now.
But I promise
I'll be right back.
- Please don't leave me. Daddy.
- No. baby. I'll be right back.
Okay?
- You believe me?
- Yes. Daddy.
All right.
- I love you.
- I love you more. Daddy.
All right. count to 100.
- Okay.
Hey!
I'm not done.
Come here!
I promised you an adventure.
didn't I?
Yes. Daddy.
Well. it's not the end of it.
It's definitely not the end.
Oh. would you look...
at that.
Wait.
No way!
There's no way...
I could be that lucky.
Oh!
Ladies first.
I'm so glad you didn't see
your father get beat up.
In a brazen story
that has just been reported.
a family brings down an enormous
child-trafficking ring
in a heroic act to save
their kidnapped daughter.